assistant
The original text of the first example is:

A. Sulfide solid electrolyte The sulfide solid electrolyte in the present disclosure contains a Li element, an M element (M is at least one of P, Ge, Si, and Sn), and an S element. Furthermore, the sulfide solid electrolyte has an algyrodite type crystal phase. Further, the sulfide solid electrolyte has a peak A appearing at 82.1 ppm ± 0.5 ppm and a peak B appearing at 86.1 ppm ± 0.5 ppm in 31 P-MAS-NMR, and the above peak A the area ratio and S a, the area ratio of the peak B to the case of the S B, the ratio of the S B for the   S a (S B / S a   ) is below a predetermined value.

According to the present disclosure, since the S B / S A is small, it is possible to have high ion conductivity sulfide solid electrolyte. As will be described later, peak A is a peak derived from the algyrodite type crystal phase, and peak B is a peak derived from the amorphous phase related to the algyrodite type crystal phase.

For example, examples of Patent Document 1, 370 rpm, but is possible to perform mechanical milling under conditions of 25 hours has been disclosed, as described in Comparative Example 4 described later, Li 2 S residual ratio is low, amorphization There because of the progress, S B / S A it was suggested greater. Further, for example, in the examples of Patent Document 2, it is described that pulverization and mixing are carried out in a ball mill for 15 hours, but direct comparison is difficult because the rotation speed of the ball mill is unknown. Further, although it is described in [0027] of Patent Document 2 that "for that reason, pulverization and mixing to the extent that the crystallinity of the raw material powder can be maintained" is described, "the crystallinity of the raw material powder" is all the raw materials. It is unclear whether it means the crystallinity of the powder or the crystallinity of some raw material powders, and it is difficult to make a quantitative comparison. In the first place, Patent Document 2 aims to prevent sulfur deficiency during firing, and the purpose is different from the present disclosure.