assistant
The original text of the first example is as follows:

<Example 1>
Silicon monoxide (SiO powder having an average particle size of 50 μm: Sigma-Aldrich Japan Co., Ltd.), lithium hydroxide monohydrate (LiOH.H 2 O: High Purity Chemical Research Laboratory Co., Ltd.) and lithium nitrate (LiNO 3 : High Purity Chemical Research Laboratory Co., Ltd.). The SiO powder was not subjected to treatment such as heat treatment.

SiO powder (2 g), LiOH.H 2 O (2 g) and LiNO 3 (15 g) were weighed. At this time, the ratio (Li / Si) of Li contained in LiOH.H 2 O to Si contained in the SiO powder was 1 in molar ratio. These powders were put into a crucible, transferred to an electric furnace at 270 ° C., and heated at 270 ° C. for 5 hours. The inside of the electric furnace was an argon atmosphere. At this time, the raw material in the crucible melted into a molten salt, and the reaction product was precipitated.

Next, the crucible containing the molten salt was taken out of the electric furnace and cooled at room temperature. After the molten salt was sufficiently cooled and solidified, ethanol was added to dissolve the solidified molten salt. Since the reaction product is insoluble in ethanol, a suspension was obtained. The suspension was filtered and dried to obtain a powdery reaction product.

Elemental analysis using inductively coupled plasma (ICP) was performed on the obtained powder, and as a result, it was found that 8.7% by mass of Li was contained with respect to 100% by mass of the reaction product.

Further, X-ray diffraction (XRD) measurement using CuKα rays was performed on the obtained powder. The results are shown in Figure 1. According to the XRD measurement, a diffraction peak derived from crystalline Li 2 SiO 3 (position indicated by ▽ in Figure 1) and a halo derived from Si fine particles (position indicated by ◆ in Figure 1) were observed. The Si fine particles had a crystal grain size of 4 nm calculated from Scherrer's equation from the half-value width of the diffraction peak on the (111) plane. Other diffraction patterns were not observed, suggesting that the Si fine particles were complexed with crystalline Li 2 SiO 3. That is, it was found that the obtained powder was a lithium-containing silicon-based material powder containing composite particles of Si fine particles and Li 2 SiO 3 phase.

Moreover, the particle | grain cross section of the obtained powder was exposed using the cross section polisher method, and the cross section was observed with the scanning electron microscope (SEM). The results are shown in Figure 2. The SEM image shown in Figure 2 is a reflected electron image. If the particles contain Li, Si, and O, the portion containing a large amount of lithium is observed darker than the other portions. However, in the SEM image shown in Figure 2, since the cross section of one particle is uniform with no shading, it can be said that the composition of one particle is almost uniform from the surface to the center. Further, uneven distribution of Si fine particles was not observed. From the SEM image, the average particle size of the obtained powder was calculated to be 2.5 μm.

In view of the above results, SiO powder having an average particle diameter of 50 μm was used as the silicon-containing raw material, so that SiO was dissolved in the molten salt to form particles having a size of about 2.5 μm and finely dispersed, and disproportionated into SiO 2 phase and Si fine particles dispersed in the SiO 2 phase. And it can be said that the SiO 2 phase contained in the disproportionated fine SiO particles and LiOH sufficiently react from the surface to the center to form composite particles as shown in the lower left of Figure.


The original text provides details on the synthesis of a lithium-containing silicon-based material powder through a molten salt method, including the use of specific raw materials, the preparation and reaction conditions, and the characterization of the resulting product.