assistant
The original text of the first example is as follows:

**Material preparation step a)**

For the preparation of comparative materials having a composition according to formula (I), precursors (each in powder form) (1) Li2S, (2) Sb2S3, (3) LiI, (4) elemental sulfur S, (5) Precursors (1), respectively, according to the target stoichiometry, by grinding the reaction mixture, optionally comprising one of the elements Si, GeS2 and SnS2, in a mortar under a protective gas atmosphere. (4), or by mixing (1)-(5).

For the preparation of comparative materials, precursors (each in powder form) (1) Li2S, (2) P2S5 and optionally Sb2S3, (3) LiI, (4) elemental sulfur S (if the reaction mixture contains Sb2S3) were prepared by mixing the precursors (1) to (4) according to the target stoichiometry in a mortar under a protective gas atmosphere.

Steps b) and c) Each reaction mixture prepared in step a) was formed into pellets which were heat treated in step b). For heat treatment, each pelletized reaction mixture was placed in a vitreous carbon crucible within a quartz tube sealed under vacuum.

The reaction mixture in which the precursor (5) is Si was heated at 500°C for 7 days (0<x<0.5, where x has the same meaning as defined above for formula (I)) at 550°C (0.5≦x≦0.7, where x has the same meaning as defined above for formula (I)) for 7 days.

The reaction mixture, in which the precursor (5) is GeS2, was heat treated at 550°C for 20 h in the first stage, followed by a temperature shift of 5°C/min to 450°C, followed by a temperature shift of 5°C/min to 450°C in the second stage, and heat treated for 100 hours.

The reaction mixture in which the precursor (5) was SnS2 was heat treated at 500°C for 50 hours.

The reaction mixture without precursor (5) was heat treated at 500°C for 100 hours.

A heating rate of 5°C per minute was used in each case to heat the reaction mixture to the desired temperature.

At the end of the predetermined heat treatment period of step b), the reaction product formed was cooled to room temperature at a rate of temperature change of 5°C/min (step c)). Solid materials were thus obtained, each having a composition according to general formula (I).

step d) Some of the solid material with M=Si obtained in step c) (see below for details) was ground, each pelletized and subjected to the annealing of step d).

The material was annealed at 500°C for 7 days. A heating rate of 5°C per minute was used in each case to heat the material to the desired temperature.

See Table 1 below for details of the composition of the resulting material.

The resulting material was in the form of pellets or chunks and then ground into powder for further processing.