assistant
The original text of the first example is:

Example 1
Hereinafter, a method of synthesizing and evaluating a solid electrolyte in the present example will be described.

[Preparation of solid electrolyte material] Raw material powder LiBr, YBr3, LiCl, and YCl3 in molar ratio of Li: Y: Br: Cl = in a glove box maintained in a dry / low oxygen atmosphere with a dew point of −90 ° C. or less and an oxygen value of 5 ppm or less. It weighed so that it might be set to 3: 1: 6-x: x. These were ground and mixed in a mortar. Thereafter, milling was performed at 600 rpm for 25 hours using a planetary ball mill.

[Further, the value of x in this example is x = 0.5, 1, 2, 3 and 3.5, and Example 1-1, Example 1-2, Example 1-3, and Example, respectively. 1-4, it is set as Example 1-5.]

Thus, a powder of Li3YBr6-xClx which is a solid electrolyte material of Example 1 was obtained.

[Structural evaluation of solid electrolyte material] The synthesized solid electrolyte material was evaluated using X-ray Diffraction (XRD) in an environment where it was kept in a dry atmosphere with a dew point value of -40 ° C. or less. For the X-ray source, Cu-Kα ray was used. That is, X-ray diffraction was measured by the θ-2θ method using Cu-Kα rays (wavelengths of 1.5405 Å (ie, 0.15405 nm) and 1.5444 Å (ie, 0.15444 nm)) as X-rays.. As a result, similar peak patterns were obtained in all of the materials synthesized as Examples 1-1 to 1-5. The XRD peak pattern of Example 1-4, that is, Li3YBr3Cl3 as a typical XRD peak pattern of the present Example 1 is shown in Figure.

[Evaluation of lithium ion conductivity] The ion conductivity of the solid electrolyte material of Example 1 measured at 22 ° C. was as shown in Table 1 below.

[Phase transition evaluation] The measurement method of the temperature dependence of ion conductivity is demonstrated below. In the method of measurement, the solid electrolyte material of Examples 1-1 to 1-5 was inserted in an equivalent amount of 700 μm in the insulating outer cylinder. This was pressure-molded at a pressure of 40 MPa to obtain a solid electrolyte layer. Next, aluminum electrodes corresponding to a thickness of 50 μm were laminated on the upper and lower surfaces of the solid electrolyte layer. The laminate was produced by pressure-molding this at a pressure of 360 MPa. Next, stainless steel current collectors were disposed above and below the laminate, and current collection leads were attached to the current collectors. Finally, using an insulating ferrule, the inside of the insulating outer cylinder was shut off from the atmosphere and sealed. The test body containing the material of the present example obtained by the above method was placed in a thermostat, and the temperature dependency of the conductivity was measured in the temperature raising process and the temperature lowering process.

[Composition evaluation] The composition of the solid electrolyte material of Example 1 was evaluated using ICP (Inductive Coupled Plasma) emission spectroscopy. As a result, in any of Examples 1-1 to 1-5, the deviation from the preparation composition of Li/Y was within 3%. As a result, it can be considered that the feed composition by the planetary ball mill and the composition of the solid electrolyte material described in the example are almost the same.