assistant
The original text of the first example is as follows:

In the lithium ion conductive inorganic substance represented by the general formula Li1.4 + 0.06x Al0.2 Ti(1.8-x) Zr0.94x Y0.06x Si0.2 P2.8 O12, ionic conductivity and reduction resistance were evaluated when Ti contained in the lithium ion conductive inorganic substance was substituted with 6 mol% Y-94 mol% Zr. Here, Table 1 shows values of the substitution amount x from Ti to 6 mol% Y-94 mol% Zr, the oxide equivalent composition of the lithium ion conductive inorganic substance, the ionic conductivity, and the current density of the reduction current. 

Figure 1 shows the relationship between the substitution amount x and the ionic conductivity, and Figure 2 shows the relationship between the substitution amount x and the reduction current. Examples 1 and 2 are comparative examples when the substitution amount x is 0.

The lithium ion conductive inorganic materials use Li2CO3, TiO2, H3PO4, Al(PO3)3, ZrO2, Y2O3 and SiO2 as raw materials, and these raw materials are listed in Table 1. After mixing to the stoichiometric ratio, primary firing was performed at 1480 °C for 5 hours. The obtained primary fired product was pulverized with a planetary ball mill using a YTZ ball having a diameter of 10 mm until the average particle size (D50) became 1 μm or less. 1 g of the pulverized sample was tableted to a diameter of 20 mm with a tablet molding machine, sandwiched between SUS304 molds and cold-pressed at a pressure of 196 MPa, and then subjected to secondary firing at 1300 °C for 1 hour. About 10 μm from both sides of the tablet after secondary baking was polished with No. 900 water-resistant abrasive paper to remove the surface, then washed with ethanol, and electrodes were attached by performing gold sputtering in the range of Φ13 mm on both sides. The ionic conductivity of the tablet thus obtained was measured by measuring the impedance when an AC voltage was applied to the tablet using an impedance measuring device (model number SI1260 manufactured by Solartron). The impedance was measured in the range from 1000 kHz to 0.1 Hz.

On the other hand, the process up to polishing with water-resistant abrasive paper is performed in the above-mentioned process, gold sputtering is performed on one surface, polymer electrolyte and Li metal are pressed onto the other surface, and then vacuum packed to produce an evaluation sample. For this evaluation sample, the potential with respect to Li metal was swept from 3 V to 1 V at 2 mV/s, and the maximum value of the current density of the reduction current was evaluated. In addition, all the measurements of the ion conductivity and the current density of the reduction current were performed at 25 °C.