assistant
The original text of the first example is as follows:

**Example 1:**

The metal ruthenium and the ruthenium dioxide were mixed at a molar ratio of 1:1, and the ruthenium oxide gas was reacted at 1400 °C under a reduced pressure of 100 Pa, and the gas was cooled and precipitated at 900 °C under a reduced pressure of 50 Pa to obtain a bulk product. The product was then pulverized in a dry ball mill to obtain a powder having an average particle diameter of 5 μm.

The composition of the powder was SiO 0.95 by chemical analysis, and a structure in which cerium was dispersed in a cerium oxide from an atomic level to a microcrystalline state was observed by an electron microscope, and it was found to be a cerium-lanthanum oxide composite. The ruthenium-iridium oxide-based composite had a ruthenium crystal size of 4 nm.

The cerium-cerium oxide-based composite powder was subjected to thermal CVD treatment at 1,100 °C for 5 hours under a reduced pressure of 1000 Pa using methane gas as a raw material to coat the surface of the powder with carbon. As a result, the amount of coated carbon was 5% with respect to the entire powder including the coating.

Then, 2.7 g of a powder of lithium hydride (a reagent manufactured by Wako Pure Chemical Industries, Ltd.) was poured into a magnetic mortar of about 500 ml in a glove box having a dry air atmosphere, and pulverized, and the carbon-coated ruthenium was added -28.4 g of cerium-lanthanum oxide composite powder (lithium hydride: cerium-lanthanum oxide composite (excluding carbon) = 1:10 (mass ratio)), and stirred and mixed until completely homogeneous.

Next, 29 g of this mixture was fed into 70 ml of a crucible made of alumina, and placed in the center of a furnace tube of a tubular electric furnace having an inner diameter of 50 mm and having an alumina furnace tube. On the other hand, argon gas was ventilated at 2 L per minute, and heated to 600 °C at 5 °C per minute for one hour, and then left to cool.

The lithium doping amount of the negative electrode material for a nonaqueous electrolyte secondary battery thus obtained was 8%. Further, a structure in which cerium was dispersed in the cerium oxide in an atomic to microcrystalline state was observed by a transmission electron microscope.

Further, a peak belonging to ruthenium and lithium niobate was observed by X-ray diffraction of Cu-Kα ray, and the crystal size of ruthenium was 10 nm, and it was confirmed that the crystal growth of ruthenium was suppressed. Furthermore, in the X-ray diffraction of Cu-Kα ray, the ratio of the peak intensity I(SiC) of SiC to the peak intensity I(SiC) of SiC and 2θ=28.4±0.2° is the peak intensity I(Si) of Si. (SiC) / I (Si) = 0, and it was confirmed that the formation of SiC was suppressed. This X-ray diffraction diagram is shown in Figure 1.