assistant
The original text of the first example is:

Example No. 1
Lithium-Rich Silicate-System Compound, and Charging-Discharging Characteristics of Battery Using the Same

Iron-Containing Lithium-Silicate Compound

0.03 mol of iron oxalate, FeC2O4.2H2O (produced by SIGMA-ALDRICH, and with 99.99% purity), and 0.03 mol of lithium silicate, Li2SiO3 (produced by KISHIDA KAGAKU, and with 99.5% purity), were used as raw materials; and these were mixed with a carbonate mixture (e.g., one which was made by mixing lithium carbonate (produced by KISHIDA KAGAKU, and with 99.9% purity), sodium carbonate (produced by KISHIDA KAGAKU, and with 99.5% purity) and potassium carbonate (produced by KISHIDA KAGAKU, and with 99.5% purity) in a ratio of 0.435:0.315:0.25 by mol). The mixing proportion was set at such a proportion that a summed amount of the iron oxalate and lithium silicate was 225 parts by weight with respect to 100 parts by weight of the carbonate mixture. After adding 20 mL of acetone to these, they were mixed by a ball mill made of zirconia at a rate of 500 rpm for 60 minutes, and were then dried. Thereafter, the thus obtained powder was heated in a golden crucible, and was then heated to 550° C. in a mixed-gas atmosphere of carbon dioxide (e.g., 100-mL/min flow volume) and hydrogen (e.g., 3-mL/min flow volume) in order to react them for 21 hours in a state where the carbonate mixture was fused.

After the reaction, the temperature was lowered. At the time of reaching 500° C., the entirety of a reactor core, the reaction system, was taken from out of an electric furnace, the heater, and was then cooled rapidly while keeping letting the gases pass through.

Subsequently, the resulting product was grounded with a mortar after adding acetic anhydride (e.g., 20 mL) to it. Then, the carbonates, and the like, were reacted to remove them after adding acetic acid (e.g., 10 mL) to it. Thus, a powder of iron-containing lithium-silicate compound was obtained by doing filtration.

An X-ray diffraction measurement was carried out for the obtained product by means of a powder X-ray diffraction apparatus with use of the CuKα ray. The resulting XRD pattern is shown in FIG. 1. This XRD pattern agreed with the reported pattern of single-crystal Li2FeSiO4 in the space group “P21” virtually.

Moreover, a scanning electron microscope (or SEM) photograph of the aforesaid product is shown in FIG. 2. It was possible to ascertain from FIG. 2 that the product was a powder that comprised crystal particles with about 200 nm or less.

In addition, as a result of doing elemental analysis for the aforesaid product by means of an inductively-coupled plasma (or ICP) method, it was possible to ascertain that it had a compositional formula, Li1.970Na0.017K0.024Fe1.066SiO4.156, and that it was a lithium-rich Li2FeSiO4-type lithium-silicate-system compound.

Subsequently, 50 parts by weight of acetylene black (being represented as “AB” hereinafter) and 10 parts by weight of Li2CO3 were added to 100 parts by weight of the powder being obtained by the aforementioned process. Then, they were subjected to a milling process at a rate of 450 rpm for 5 hours with use of a planetary ball mill (with 5-mm zirconia balls), and were then subjected to a heat treatment at 700° C. for 2 hours in a mixed-gas atmosphere of carbon dioxide and hydrogen (e.g., CO2:H2=100:3 by molar ratio).

An XRD pattern of the product after the heat treatment is shown in FIG. 3. Since the XRD pattern being shown in FIG. 3 agrees well with the XRD pattern of the sample prior to the heat treatment, it was possible to ascertain that the lithium-rich silicate-system compound being subjected to the heat treatment maintained the crystal structure without ever being decomposed by means of the aforementioned heat treatment.

25 parts by weight of a mixture of acetylene black and PTFE (e.g. a mixture with a ratio, AB:PTFE=2:1 by weight) was added with respect to 100 parts by weight of the powder being obtained. Then, an electrode was prepared by means of a sheet method, and was vacuum dried at 140° C. for 3 hours. Thereafter, a trial coin battery was made with use of the following: a solution serving as the electrolytic solution, solution in which LiPF6 was dissolved in a concentration of 1 mol/L in a mixture having a ratio, ethylene carbonate (or EC):diethylene carbonate (or DEC)=1:1; a polypropylene film (e.g., “CELGARD2400” produced by CELGARD) serving as the separator; and a lithium-metal foil serving as the negative electrode.

As a result of carrying out a charging-discharging test for this coin battery at 60° C. with 0.01 mA in a voltage range of from 4.2 to 1.5 V, the charging capacity after 5 cycles was 250 mAhg−1. Moreover, upon measuring the cyclic characteristics under the same conditions, favorable cyclic characteristics were demonstrated because the average voltage was 2.60 V after 50 cycles. These results are shown in Table 1 below.

Moreover, the battery characteristics, which were measured in the same manner for a material that was synthesized by a process (e.g., a solid-phase reaction method) in which lithium carbonate, Li2CO3, iron oxalate, FeC2O4.2H2O, and silicon oxide, SiO2, were heat treated at 800° C. for 6 hours after subjecting them to ball milling, are shown in Table 1 below.

As can be evident from the results above, it was appreciated that iron-containing lithium-silicate-system materials, which are favorable in the cyclic characteristics and have higher capacities, are obtainable in accordance with the process in which raw-material compounds are reacted in the molten salt of carbonate mixture.