assistant
The original text of the first example is as follows:

(Example 1)
(Synthesis of Sulfide Solid Electrolyte Material)
(Li2S, manufactured by Nippon Chemical Industry Co., Ltd.), lithium iodide (LiI, manufactured by Nippon Chemical Industry Co., Ltd.), and an oxygen sulfide (P2S5, manufactured by Aldrich) were used as starting materials. These powders were mixed with 0.7656 g of Li2S, 0.743 g of LiI and 1.2344 g of P2S5 in a glove box under an argon atmosphere to obtain a raw material composition. Next, the raw material composition was mixed with agate for 5 minutes, and then mixed with 4 g of dehydrated heptane in a port made of zirconia. This port was mounted on a planetary ball mill and subjected to mechanical milling for 40 hours at 370 rpm. Thus, a sulfide solid electrolyte material (20 LiI-80 Li3PS4, sulfide glass) was obtained.

(Preparation of battery for evaluation)
As the positive electrode active material, lithium nickel cobalt manganese oxide (LiNi1/3Co1/3Mn1/3O2) was used. A coating layer of LiNbO3 is formed on the surface of the positive electrode active material. 100 mg of the positive electrode active material, 1.5 mg of VGCF (manufactured by Showa Denko K.K.) as a conductive fire, 2 mg of PVdF as a binder and 32 mg of the above sulfide glass were mixed. 16 mg of the obtained mixture was weighed, and pressed at a pressure of 1 ton/cm² to obtain a molding compound. 2.4 mg of a phosphoric acid ester (triphenyl phosphate) in a liquid state was penetrated into the obtained molding compound to obtain a positive electrode mixture (pellet). Next, 100 mg of graphite (manufactured by Mitsubishi Chemical Corporation) was used as a negative electrode active material, 2.5 mg of PVdF as a binder and 67 mg of the above sulfide glass were mixed to obtain an anode mixture.

Thereafter, 18 mg of the above-mentioned glass of sulfide was added to a mold of ceramics of 1 cm², and pressed at a pressure of 4 ton/cm² to form a solid electrolyte layer. Next, 17.3 mg of the negative electrode composite material was placed on the other surface of the solid electrolyte layer and the positive electrode composite material (18.4 mg) was placed on one surface of the solid electrolyte layer and pressed at a pressure of 4 ton/cm² Thereby forming an active material layer. Next, an evaluation battery was obtained by using aluminum foil as the positive electrode collector and copper foil as the negative electrode collector.