assistant
The original text of the first example is:

Example 1
In this example, the battery described above, polyvinylpyrrolidone, which is commercially available from Sigma Aldrich (PVP, M w, avg = 10,000) and FeCl2·4H2O (> 99%), Mallinckrodt Backer Inc. Ethylene glycol (99%) obtained from, as well as sulfur obtained from Fisher Scientific, were used for laboratory-scale analysis. HPLC grade water, analytical NaOH, and absolute ethanol were used without further purification. The FeS2 synthesis method used solvothermal reaction conditions. For the dielectric heating for reaction, a microwave reactor was provided. Due to its high reproducibility and automation capability, microwave heating was selected and this method was adapted for high throughput synthesis.

For the reaction, 17 mL of ethylene glycol was added to 600 mg of PVP in a 35 mL microwave oven compatible flask with a magnetic stir bar. Then, was introduced FeCl2·4H2O in 127 mg (0.64 mmol). Next, 8 mL of 1M NaOH was added to produce a dark green color. Finally, 180 mg of sulfur was added. The solution was stirred for 20 minutes, changing the color from green to black. During this process, some sulfur remained undissolved. The reaction flask was then closed (70% complete) and placed in the microwave.

In this example, a Discover SP (CEM Inc) microwave oven was used. The sample was irradiated with a power of 75 W until it was detected by infrared rays and reached 190 °C. It took about 7 minutes to heat and kept at this temperature for 12 hours. A self-sustaining pressure of about 690 kPa was generated. After completion of the reaction, the product was cooled with compressed air.

The resulting silvery precipitate was separated by centrifugation and then washed 3 times by sonication in ethanol. The precipitate was then stored in ethanol and vacuum dried at 50 °C. overnight for battery use. The characteristics of synthetic FeS2 were clarified by Cu-Κα X-ray diffraction (XRD) measurement, FESEM microscopy (JEOL-7401F), and Raman spectroscopy (Jasco-3100).

Cell fabrication and cell testing for this example were performed in an inert argon gas environment. The all-solid-state cell used in this study was based on 77.5Li2S-22.5P2S5 binary solid electrolyte. The complex anode had a mixture of synthetically adjusted FeS2, 77.5Li2S-22.5P2S5, and carbon black (Timel Super C65) in a mass ratio of 10:20:2, respectively. The complex anode was mixed using a mortar and pestle. Stabilized lithium metal powder (SLMP) was used as the cathode (FMC Lithium Corp.).

For the structure of the solid cell, a titanium-polyallyl ether ethyl ketone (PEEK) test cell die was used. 200 mg of solid electrolyte powder was pressed with 1 metric ton in PEEK cell die. A 5 mg composite anode and stabilized lithium metal powder were then attached to the opposite side of the solid electrolyte layer by pressing at 5 metric tonnes.

A liquid cell is prepared by applying an electrode slurry having a mass ratio of 6:2:2 for synthetic FeS2, polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF) binder (Alfa Aesar), and acetylene black (Alfa-Aesar, 50% compression), respectively. First, the PVDF binder was dissolved in N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone (NMP) (Alfa-Aesar) solvent. Then, FeS2 and acetylene black were added into the PVDF binder with stirring. A 50 μm thick slurry layer was applied onto aluminum foil (ESPI Metals, 0.001 inch thick) and dried in a single-wall gravity convection oven (Blue M) at 60 °C. for 5 hours. To ensure good electronic contact, the electrode sheet was then rolled on a Durston rolling mill to 75% of the total thickness. Electrodes 9/16 inch in diameter were punched out and heat treated overnight at 200 °C. in an argon environment. The FeS2 electrode was then assembled into a coin cell with a lithium foil cathode (Alfa-Aesar, 0.25 mm thick) and a 1M LiPF4 electrolyte.

The cells were cycled at room temperature (30 °C.) and high temperature (60 °C.) with constant current using an Arbin BT2100 battery tester. The C rate shown is based on the theoretical capacity of FeS2, 894 mAh g−1. The reaction equilibrium was examined by the galvanostatic intermittent titration technique (GITT).